END-USER LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR SAVE WIZARD FOR PS4 MAX.
IMPORTANT PLEASE READ THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT CAREFULLY BEFORE CONTINUING WITH THIS PROGRAM INSTALL: Data Power Development Limited End-User License Agreement ("EULA") is a legal agreement between you (either an individual or a single entity) and Data Power Development Limited for the Save Wizard For PS4 MAX which may include associated software components, media, printed materials, and "online" or electronic documentation. By installing or otherwise using Save Wizard For PS4 MAX, you agree to be bound by the terms of this EULA. This license agreement represents the entire agreement concerning Save Wizard For PS4 MAX  between you and Data Power Development Limited, (referred to as "licenser"), and it supersedes any prior proposal, representation, or understanding between the parties. If you do not agree to the terms of this EULA, do not install or use Save Wizard For PS4 MAX.
Save Wizard For PS4 MAX is protected by copyright laws and international copyright treaties, as well as other intellectual property laws and treaties. Save Wizard For PS4 MAX is licensed, not sold.
1. GRANT OF LICENSE.
Save Wizard For PS4 MAX is licensed as follows:
(a) Installation and Use.
Data Power Development Limited grants you the right to a limited number of installs and the use of authorised copies of Save Wizard For PS4 MAX on your computer running a validly licensed copy of the operating system for which Save Wizard For PS4 MAX was designed i.e. Windows 7, Windows 10
(b) Backup Copies.
You may also make copies of Save Wizard For PS4 MAX as may be necessary for backup and archival purposes.
2. DESCRIPTION OF OTHER RIGHTS AND LIMITATIONS.
(a) Maintenance of Copyright Notices.
You must not remove or alter any copyright notices on any and all copies of Save Wizard For PS4 MAX.
(b) Distribution.
You may not distribute registered copies of Save Wizard For PS4 MAX to third parties.
(c) Prohibition on Reverse Engineering, Decompilation, and Disassembly.
You may not reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble Save Wizard For PS4 MAX, except and only to the extent that such activity is expressly permitted by applicable law not withstanding this limitation.
(d) Rental.
You may not rent, lease, or lend the Save Wizard For PS4 MAX in part or whole.
(e) Support Services.
Data Power Development Limited may provide you with support services related to Save Wizard For PS4 MAX ("Support Services"). Any supplemental software code provided to you as part of the Support Services shall be considered part of Save Wizard For PS4 MAX and subject to the terms and conditions of this EULA.
(f) Compliance with Applicable Laws.
You must comply with all applicable laws regarding use of Save Wizard For PS4 MAX.
(g) Commercial Use.
You may not use Save Wizard for PS4 MAX for the purposes of monetary gain, in particular but not limited to creating modified saves for sale.
(h) Changes to the product and/or contents.
Data Power Development Limited reserves the right to add or change or remove or limit features and or content without notice. This includes but is not limited to games, cheats, Advanced Mode or re-signing.
3. TERMINATION
Without prejudice to any other rights, Data Power Development Limited may terminate this EULA if you fail to comply with the terms and conditions of this EULA. In such event, you must destroy all copies of Save Wizard For PS4 MAX License Key in your possession and remove any installation thereof.
Data Power Development reserves the right to terminate a users license including but not limited to the following reasons:
Misrepresenting Save Wizard For PS4 MAX, bringing Save Wizard For PS4 MAX into disrepute, using Save Wizard For PS4 MAX for commercial purposes, assisting others in making commercial gain out of Save Wizard For PS4 MAX, using Save Wizard For PS4 MAX to gain a competitive advantage over other persons, using Save Wizard for PS4 MAX to cause nuisance or disruption, imitation of the Save Wizard for PS4 MAX software or the use of non-approved software to access the Save Wizard for PS4 MAX servers.
4. COPYRIGHT
All title, including but not limited to copyrights, in and to Save Wizard For PS4 MAX and any copies thereof are owned by Data Power Development Limited or its suppliers. All title and intellectual property rights in and to the content which may be accessed through use of Save Wizard For PS4 MAX is the property of the respective content owner and may be protected by applicable copyright or other intellectual property laws and treaties. This EULA grants you no rights to use such content. All rights not expressly granted are reserved by Data Power Development Limited.
5. NO WARRANTIES
Data Power Development Limited expressly disclaims any warranty for Save Wizard For PS4 MAX. Save Wizard For PS4 MAX is provided 'As Is' without any express or implied warranty of any kind, including but not limited to any warranties of merchantability, non-infringement, or fitness of a particular purpose. Data Power Development Limited does not warrant or assume responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of any information, text, graphics, links or other items contained within Save Wizard For PS4 MAX. Data Power Development Limited makes no warranties respecting any harm that may be caused by the transmission of a computer virus, worm, time bomb, logic bomb, or other such computer program. Data Power Development Limited further expressly disclaims any warranty or representation to Authorized Users or to any third party.
Data Power Development Limited states that Save Wizard For PS4 MAX will work on versions of PlayStation 4 System Software launched on or before 16thth April 2020, which corresponds to a version number of 7.50. You acknowledge that should you, Sony or others who have access, modify your PlayStation 4 in any way, including the downloading and installing of a System Software after 16th April 2020 and/or a version higher than 7.50 then Save Wizard for PS MAX may no longer function. As such, you understand that you are not entitled to a refund or any sort of recompense as your actions or those of others are beyond our control.
6. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
In no event shall Data Power Development Limited be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, lost profits, business interruption, or lost information) rising out of 'Authorized Users' use of or inability to use Save Wizard For PS4 MAX, even if Data Power Development Limited has been advised of the possibility of such damages. In no event will Data Power Development Limited be liable for loss of data or for indirect, special, incidental, consequential (including lost profit), or other damages based in contract, tort or otherwise. Data Power Development Limited shall have no liability with respect to the content of Save Wizard For PS4 MAX or any part thereof, including but not limited to errors or omissions contained therein, libel, infringements of rights of publicity, privacy, trademark rights, business interruption, personal injury, loss of privacy, moral rights or the disclosure of confidential information.
7. ONLINE CHEATING
Save Wizard For PS4 MAX is designed purely for use on a local machine, specifically it is not designed for and it is expressly forbidden to be used for online gaming. Should the end user suffer banning or any other penalty particularly but not limited to the so-called PSN services as a result of use of Save Wizard For PS4 MAX, then Data Power Development Limited and its associates will not be held liable.
8. LEGAL JURISDICTION
In the event of any legal dispute over Save Wizard For PS4 MAX, it is accepted that Jurisdiction is in Hong Kong SAR. Data Power Development Limited is a registered company of Hong Kong SAR.
